CNV-18302: Persistent storage support for vTPM (#63333)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-about-vtpm-devices.adoc

If you do not enable vTPM, then the VM does not recognize a TPM device, even if
the node has one.

> vTPM devices also protect virtual machines by storing secrets without physical hardware. {VirtProductName} supports persisting vTPM device state by using Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs) for VMs. You must specify the storage class to be used by the PVC by setting the `vmStateStorageClass` attribute in the `HyperConverged` custom resource (CR):

Reviewer: Just a nit suggestion. 
```suggestion
A vTPM device also protects virtual machines by storing secrets without physical hardware. {VirtProductName} supports persisting vTPM device state by using Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs) for VMs. You must specify the storage class to be used by the PVC by setting the `vmStateStorageClass` attribute in the `HyperConverged` custom resource (CR):
```
